# Jungle Cook

link to web 4 is [here](https://in-info-web4.informatics.iupui.edu/~ramimarc/n315/jungleCook/dist/)

the way this works is pretty simple. navigation is done using jquery, and replacing the window hash with what view is currently injected. each page is just basic html, with some js sprinkled throughout. for the browse page, i created a simple loop that went through an array of four different objects, which produce the sample recipes. the login page uses firebase and their authentication system, which allows people to make account using their email and password, which lets them login. the create page is a simple form that takes in the information, and then pushes it to an array hosted locally. once a recipe has been created, the user is routed back to their recipes. the thing about the "your recipe" page is that it only shows in the nav if a user is logged in. if they are not logged in, they are routed to the home page. the edit and delete recipes were annoying. i grab the id using an event handler, and then i match it to the array stored in localStorage. once that is done, i have a way to either delete the recipe, or edit it using the edit.html page. this basically functions the same as the create page, but it takes in the information from the array, and then replaces it with the new information. the logout button is pretty simple, it just logs the user out, and then routes them back to the home page. pretty simple stuff.

my responsive design may look jank, i just got back from work and am grinding out the rest of this assignment. i appreciate you.
